handling bad news is one of the worse things to deal with as a leader,
but you have to be responsible for it. Um, the best thing you can do
is be direct about it. Don't dance around the issue. Uh, be very.
Matter of fact, this is the situation. This is what we need to do. This
is what we can do about it. Or if there's nothing you could do about
it, Uh, you know, make that perhaps make that clear to, But on
the flip side of that, make it clear that you and the entirety of the
command is going to help however they can in whatever the situation
may be, whatever the bad news might might entail, the command needs
to be at the disposal of the member to help out, however they can.